Update resources_common_properties.md (#2538)
chef/chef-web-docs: layouts/shortcodes/resources_common_properties.md

`ignore_failure`

:   **Ruby Type:** true, false, :quiet \| **Default Value:** `false`

    Continue running a recipe if a resource fails for any reason.

>     Using `:quiet` logs the full error though will still continue running the recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    Using `:quiet` logs the full error and the recipe will continue to run if a resource fails.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if that's the correct description. Using :quiet prevents a full error stacktrace from being shown.

Reviewer: So maybe

`:quiet` will not display the full stack trace and the recipe will continue to run if a resource fails.

`ignore_failure`

:   **Ruby Type:** true, false, :quiet \| **Default Value:** `false`

>     Continue running a recipe if a resource fails for any reason.

Reviewer 2: We should document what quiet actually does here
